README.md, before:

# IDS Gantt Chart POC

This is a proof-of-concept for a potential IDS Gantt Chart.  The goal is to make a performant component capable of handling many data points with built-in HTML and SVG DOM elements.

[IDS Gantt Chart WebComponent's task](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-wc/issues/889)

## Inspiration

### Existing components

- [Bryntum](https://bryntum.com/examples/gantt/#example-basic) ([Web Components](https://bryntum.com/examples/gantt/webcomponents/))
- [IBM Carbon](https://github.com/IBM/gantt-chart)
- [Netronic](https://www.netronic.com/) (M3 team's current Gantt chart system is based on this one)
- [NextBitLabs](https://github.com/nextbitlabs/gantt-chart) (WebComponents.org example)
- [Vaadin](https://vaadin.com/directory/component/gantt) (3rd party)

### Reading material

- ["Gantt.com" - Your one-stop-shop for all things Gantt!](https://www.gantt.com/)
- ["Creating An Interactive Gantt Chart Component With Vanilla JavaScript" - Anna Prenzel](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2021/08/interactive-gantt-chart-component-vanilla-javascript/)
- ["What is a Gantt Chart?" - Monday.com blog](https://monday.com/blog/project-management/everything-you-want-to-know-about-gantt-charts/#:~:text=A%20Gantt%20chart%20is%20a,dates%20are%20laid%20out%20horizontally.)
- ["Gantt Chart Guide" - ProjectManager.com](https://www.projectmanager.com/guides/gantt-chart)

Commit message:

Add usage instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# IDS Gantt Chart POC

This is a proof-of-concept for a potential IDS Gantt Chart.  The goal is to make a performant component capable of handling many data points with built-in HTML and SVG DOM elements.

[IDS Gantt Chart WebComponent's task](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-wc/issues/889)

## Usage

To view the project:
- `git clone` this repo
- `npm i` to install dependencies
- `npm start` and navigate to http://localhost:8080

## Inspiration

### Existing components

- [Bryntum](https://bryntum.com/examples/gantt/#example-basic) ([Web Components](https://bryntum.com/examples/gantt/webcomponents/))
- [IBM Carbon](https://github.com/IBM/gantt-chart)
- [Netronic](https://www.netronic.com/) (M3 team's current Gantt chart system is based on this one)
- [NextBitLabs](https://github.com/nextbitlabs/gantt-chart) (WebComponents.org example)
- [Vaadin](https://vaadin.com/directory/component/gantt) (3rd party)

### Reading material

- ["Gantt.com" - Your one-stop-shop for all things Gantt!](https://www.gantt.com/)
- ["Creating An Interactive Gantt Chart Component With Vanilla JavaScript" - Anna Prenzel](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2021/08/interactive-gantt-chart-component-vanilla-javascript/)
- ["What is a Gantt Chart?" - Monday.com blog](https://monday.com/blog/project-management/everything-you-want-to-know-about-gantt-charts/#:~:text=A%20Gantt%20chart%20is%20a,dates%20are%20laid%20out%20horizontally.)
- ["Gantt Chart Guide" - ProjectManager.com](https://www.projectmanager.com/guides/gantt-chart)
